---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


## September 19th, [Assignment 3](http://www.compsci.hunter.cuny.edu/~sweiss/course_materials/cs_ossd/assignments/assignment_03_reading_about_wikipedia.pdf): Wikipedia

By September 19th, I've read the article ["Running for office is hard when you have a porn star’s name. This makes it worse"](https://qz.com/1352568/running-for-office-is-hard-when-you-have-a-porn-stars-name-this-makes-it-worse/) and many comments from [the discussion of why the page should be deleted](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Articles_for_deletion/Catalina_Cruz_(politician)).  As it turns out, this discussion doesn't have one concrete answer for me. 

Firstly, the reaction to the author's actions is debatable. As far as I'm concerned, she deserves both encouragement for being a proactive editor and censure for breaking the community rules of Wikipedia. She tried to protect Catalina Cruz, whose future career depends on her reputation and whether the voter can trust and rely on her. It is reasonable to believe that any constituent attempting to find more information could come across adult material, thus hurting her campaign and political standing. As we can see, Cruz is in a desperate situation. Allowing her own page on Wikipedia, as well as a disambiguation page, could clear up any potential confusion between her and the adult-film actress. I think Herzog had the best intentions. However, she shouldn't have broken community rules by publically revealing the real name the critical editor. I think she deserved her punishment. 

Secondly, the definition of notability is absolutely fair, and Herzog shouldn't worry too much about her inability to influence Cruz's page. If Cruz is indeed a notable person, who therefore deserves a page on Wikipedia, there should be other contributors corroborating Cruz's notability with more reliable sources, thus clearing any confusion with the adult-film actress.
 
Unfortunately, in this case, the notability restriction makes it almost impossible for Cruz to be considered notable.
