---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---


## December 12th
### [Assignment 13](http://www.compsci.hunter.cuny.edu/~sweiss/course_materials/cs_ossd/assignments/assignment_13_licenses.pdf):  About Software Licenses

This is the [source](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/licenses.html) of information I wrote below.

* *Copyleft* is the common method to make a program free software. We do this by firstly stating that it is copyrighted, but then we add the distribution terms (contained, for example, in the [GNU General Public Licence](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html)) in order to give everyone the rights to use, modify, and redistribute the program (or any program derived from original one) with the same distribution terms. Thus, the users have freedom, but they cannot make the code a proprietary software, they cannot add restrictions to deny other people the central freedoms.
* There are 4 criteria which help to classify and distinguish GNU Public Licences:
  1. Whether or not it is a free software license (when the users have the freedom to run, copy, distribute, study, change, and improve the software)
  2. Whether or not it is a copyleft license ( which protects the central freedoms from making it a proprietary software)
  3. Whether or not it is compatible with the GNU GPL (when the users can combine two programs released under the GNU GPL and the other license).
  4. Whether or not it causes any particular practical problems.
* Now I'll list some of the licenses:
  1. GNU GPL is a free software license and a copyleft license, which is obviously compatible with the GNU GPL.
  2. Apache License is a free software license, which is compatible with the GNU GPL Version 3, but not with Version 2, because of some requirements that are not in that GPL version. Namely, it is a certain patent termination and indemnification provisions.
  3. Mozilla Public License (MPL) is also a free software license. However, it has an indirect compatibility between itself and the GNU GPL Version 2.0 with one condition: the files that were originally under the MPL should be still available under the MPL's terms. Hence, these files will be dual licensed under the MPL and the GNU license(s).
* Creative common licenses are not ideal for use with software because they do not contain specific terms about the distribution of source code, which is often important to ensure the free reuse and modifiability of software. Also, some of them are difficult to be compatible with the major software licenses, so it would be hard to combine the code under software licenses and CC licenses.
* Permissive software license is a free software license that has a minimal amount of requirements about how the software can be redistributed. For example, permissive licenses are GNU All-Permissive License, CC0, Apache License Versions 1.1 and 1.0.

### Project work
By December 9th we've finally finished the contribution to our project. These are the steps we followed:
* We reviewed the structural guidelines of OpenGenuses and followed them
* We compared our input/output with already existing programs
* We tested the code again on different examples 

Even though I've written the initial code for the ant optimization algorithm and Jimmy thought about the tests and later improved the code a lot, we decided that Jimmy would make a pull request because he's already replied to the issue.  
